Update 2026-04-01 minutes to indicate preserving comments in output (#777)
solid/specification: meetings/2026-04-01.md

* JW: Let's then put the comments in a extra column.
* MC: what's the license/copying of the spreadsheet data? 
* SC: CC0? Perhaps put it under w3c-cg/solid ?

> * SC: There are some comments and may not be preserved in the CSV.
> * JW: I suggest they're incorporated in the notes column.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* SC: There are some comments that may not be preserved in the CSV.
* JW: I suggest they be incorporated in the notes column.
```
